README.md, before:

# InterviewGuru

![Asset_24x-9](https://github.com/DanielG808/InterviewGuru/assets/113553249/0a1124ef-7bdc-4395-b0b9-87b880f29372)


  [![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

  ## Description
  Welcome to InterviewGuru, the AI-generated interviewer to land your next gig! Using a filtering system, you can customize the AI to ask questions based on your dream job while also getting AI generated feedback to fruther improve your score! Signup, answer some questions and be fully prepared for your next interview with InterviewGuru.

  ## Table of Contents
  1. [Installation](#installation)
  2. [Usage](#usage)
  3. [License](#license)
  4. [Contributing](#contributing)
  5. [Tests](#tests)
  6. [Questions](#questions)

  ## Installation
  No install required! Just click on our link: 

  ## Usage
  Once on the site, sign up and click "Begin" and fill out the form fields for your desired Industry, Role, and Experience

  ![Untitled_ Aug 2, 2023 12_56 PM](https://github.com/sefenydiaz/InterviewGuru/assets/113553249/67adc20c-a3db-4cbc-9128-5c8d071781d8)


  ## License 
  MIT
  (https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

  ## Contributing
  Please follow the Contributor Covenant: https://www.contributor-covenant.org/



 ## Questions
  Questions/Concerns/Etc: [tawhidkamal5@gmail.com](mailto:tawhidkamal5@gmail.com), [daniel.w.gray1994@gmail.com](mailto:daniel.w.gray1994@gmail.com), [lmiller90@fordham.edu](mailto:lmiller90@fordham.edu), [sefenyd@gmail.com](mailto:sefenyd@gmail.com)

  More of our work: [tawhidk9](https://www.github.com/tawhidk9), [DanielG808](https://www.github.com/DanielG808), [laurenmiller389](https://www.github.com/laurenmiller389), [sefenydiaz](https://www.github.com/sefenydiaz)

Commit message:

updated README with testing instructions

README.md, after:

# InterviewGuru

![Asset_24x-9](https://github.com/DanielG808/InterviewGuru/assets/113553249/0a1124ef-7bdc-4395-b0b9-87b880f29372)

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## Description

Welcome to InterviewGuru, the AI-generated interviewer to land your next gig! Using a filtering system, you can customize the AI to ask questions based on your dream job while also getting AI generated feedback to fruther improve your score! Signup, answer some questions and be fully prepared for your next interview with InterviewGuru.

## Table of Contents

1. [Installation](#installation)
2. [Usage](#usage)
3. [License](#license)
4. [Contributing](#contributing)
5. [Tests](#tests)
6. [Questions](#questions)

## Installation

No install required! Just click on our link:

## Usage

Once on the site, sign up and click "Begin" and fill out the form fields for your desired Industry, Role, and Experience

![Untitled_ Aug 2, 2023 12_56 PM](https://github.com/sefenydiaz/InterviewGuru/assets/113553249/67adc20c-a3db-4cbc-9128-5c8d071781d8)

## License

MIT
(https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## Contributing

Please follow the Contributor Covenant: https://www.contributor-covenant.org/

## Tests

This application uses Cypress for testing automation purposes. After cloning the repo to your local machine, run `npm install` in your terminal while in the root folder. Run `npm run develop` after the installs have finished. In a second Terminal window, run `npx cypress open`. Select e2e for end-to-end testing and the brower of your choice. Finally, select a spec to run in the Cypress window to run a test.

## Questions

Questions/Concerns/Etc: [tawhidkamal5@gmail.com](mailto:tawhidkamal5@gmail.com), [daniel.w.gray1994@gmail.com](mailto:daniel.w.gray1994@gmail.com), [lmiller90@fordham.edu](mailto:lmiller90@fordham.edu), [sefenyd@gmail.com](mailto:sefenyd@gmail.com)

More of our work: [tawhidk9](https://www.github.com/tawhidk9), [DanielG808](https://www.github.com/DanielG808), [laurenmiller389](https://www.github.com/laurenmiller389), [sefenydiaz](https://www.github.com/sefenydiaz)
